Miss you play me
Yeah I played you if you hadn't pinned it on my husband
I rarely play with you
Your husband?
Zhou Yuesheng is my fiancé
He once said he wouldn't marry me
Are you saying that after your brother saves the moon
Did you make an engagement?
But don't you dislike Yuesheng and go home to raise pigs?
Are you married to a city person?
How do you know that?
Yang Yujie, if I were you
Now go back to Happy Village and run your own car
You just won me a game
Wait for the moon to see through your true colors
Will come back to me
Tingting
Sister Yu, aren't you the women's director?
How do you have time to come here?
Women directors can't do it.
I offended Miss today
How can missing be like this?
In this way, with my brother's favor, I will bully you like this
You said it too
The deeper the love
It's normal for him not to take me seriously
I came here today to tell you that I'm leaving
Late at night, I forgot my promise to me
And there's no point in staying
No, sister Yu, you can't go
Only you are worthy to be my sister-in-law
Don't worry, sister
I will definitely let my brother give up that missing